Add Min Active nomination to Staking pages (#4524)
w3f/polkadot-wiki: docs/learn/learn-nomination-pools.md

to act in your best interests. However, it is advised to check the validators nominated by the pool
from time to time and change the pool if necessary.

:::info Minimum Active Nomination Value is Dynamic

> The minimum amount of {{ polkadot: DOT :polkadot }}{{ kusama: KSM :kusama }} required to become an active nominator and earn rewards is
> {{ polkadot: __<RPC network="polkadot" path="query.staking.minimumActiveStake" defaultValue={2937000000000} filter="humanReadable"/>:__ :polkadot }}
> {{ kusama: __<RPC network="kusama" path="query.staking.minimumActiveStake" defaultValue={2937000000000} filter="humanReadable"/>:__ :kusama }}
> . If you have less {{ polkadot: DOT :polkadot }}{{ kusama: KSM :kusama }} than the minimum active nomination and still want to participate in staking,
> you can join the nomination pools.
> you can now stake on {{ polkadot: Polkadot :polkadot }}{{ kusama: Kusama :kusama }} natively with
> just
> {{ polkadot: __<RPC network="polkadot" path="query.nominationPools.minJoinBond" filter="humanReadable" defaultValue={10000000000}/>__ :polkadot }}
> {{ kusama: __<RPC network="kusama" path="query.nominationPools.minJoinBond" filter="humanReadable" defaultValue={1666666650}/>__ :kusama }}
> in the nomination pools and earn staking rewards. For additional information, check out
> [this blog post](https://polkadot.network/blog/nomination-pools-are-live-stake-natively-with-just-1-dot/).
> Check the wiki doc on [nomination pools](learn-nomination-pools.md) for more information.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The minimum amount required to become an active nominator and earn rewards is
{{ polkadot: __<RPC network="polkadot" path="query.staking.minimumActiveStake" defaultValue={2937000000000} filter="humanReadable"/>__. :polkadot }}
{{ kusama: __<RPC network="kusama" path="query.staking.minimumActiveStake" defaultValue={2937000000000} filter="humanReadable"/>__. :kusama }}
 If you have less {{ polkadot: DOT :polkadot }}{{ kusama: KSM :kusama }} than the minimum active nomination and still want to participate in staking,
you can join the nomination pools.
You can now stake on {{ polkadot: Polkadot :polkadot }}{{ kusama: Kusama :kusama }} natively with
just
{{ polkadot: __<RPC network="polkadot" path="query.nominationPools.minJoinBond" filter="humanReadable" defaultValue={10000000000}/>__ :polkadot }}
{{ kusama: __<RPC network="kusama" path="query.nominationPools.minJoinBond" filter="humanReadable" defaultValue={1666666650}/>__ :kusama }}
in the nomination pools and earn staking rewards. For additional information, see
[this blog post](https://polkadot.network/blog/nomination-pools-are-live-stake-natively-with-just-1-dot/).
Check the wiki doc on [nomination pools](learn-nomination-pools.md) for more information.
```
